Feature/store initial enrollment context (#175)
openfun/joanie: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Allow to filter enrollment resource by `has_been_created_with_order`

Reviewer: I think "was" is good enough and simpler:
```suggestion
- Allow to filter enrollment resource by `was_created_via_order`
```
or by order?

Author: Let's use `was_created_by_order`
